# CFAPythonFundamental
The CFA institute requires candidates to take a practical skills module during their charter journey. My choice was to do it on the Python Fundamentals in Finance. This code is the final capstone project that was required to be made. However I did make some minor adjustments and pulled more recent data. All the code was done in Python on Juypter Notebook. The raw data is viewable in the Amazon.csv and stock_data.csv

# Abstract 
This project is meant to see previous historical data of certain stocks, to visualize and find an optimal portfolio. When analyzing stocks, history isn't always a great representation but it is a good start. We begin the analysis with finding the daily return of the stock, how much it changed every trading day. Then do an analysis based on the yearly data we can see how many days are impactful on the stock. Then we plug in graphs to see trends, outside of just numbers. 

The second phase is analyzing an entire portfolio. We plug in data of 10 major stocks and try to find the optimal weights of each one. This is done via a random simulator. We provide the stocks and tell Python how many simulation to try. After it tries out a certain number of random weights it will tell us what is the best weight. It will find the best one based on the best Sharpe ratio. The Sharpe ratio is a risk to reward measure of a portfolio, the higher the better. Once we have our optimal portfolio we plug in the weights and see how the "portfolio" did in the past. You can plug in your own data and the code can help you find your optimal portfolio weights. 

